BUILDING.md, before:

# Building

We typically develop against the latest stable version of Xcode.

As of this writing, that's Xcode 10.1

## Prerequistes

Install [Carthage](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage#installing-carthage)

## 1. Clone

Clone the repo to a working directory:

```
git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/signalapp/Signal-iOS
```

Since we make use of submodules, you must use `git clone`, rather than
downloading a prepared zip file from Github.

We recommend you fork the repo on GitHub, then clone your fork:

```
git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/<USERNAME>/Signal-iOS.git
```

You can then add the Signal repo to sync with upstream changes:

```
git remote add upstream https://github.com/signalapp/Signal-iOS
```

## 2. Dependencies

To build and configure the libraries Signal uses, just run:

```
make dependencies
```

### Building WebRTC

A prebuilt version of WebRTC.framework resides in a submodule and should be
installed by the above steps.  However, if you'd like to build it from source,
see: https://github.com/signalapp/signal-webrtc-ios

## 3. Xcode

Open the `Signal.xcworkspace` in Xcode.

```
open Signal.xcworkspace
```

In the TARGETS area of the General tab, change the Team drop down to
your own. You will need to do that for all the listed targets, for ex. 
Signal, SignalShareExtension, and SignalMessaging. You will need an Apple
Developer account for this. 

On the Capabilities tab, turn off Push Notifications and Data Protection,
while keeping Background Modes on. The App Groups capability will need to
remain on in order to access the shared data storage. The App ID needs to
match the SignalApplicationGroup string set in TSConstants.h. 

If you wish to test the Documents API, the iCloud capability will need to
be on with the iCloud Documents option selected.

Build and Run and you are ready to go!

## Known issues

Features related to push notifications are known to be not working for
third-party contributors since Apple's Push Notification service pushes
will only work with Open Whisper Systems production code signing
certificate.

If you have any other issues, please ask on the [community forum](https://whispersystems.discoursehosting.net/).

Commit message:

Creating a new Signal account using the development app
I followed the instructions from `BUILDING.md` and turned off the Push Notifications. I successfully compiled the application from the latest source code and installed it on my iPhone. I was not able to setup a test account using the installed app. According to [this post](https://whispersystems.discoursehosting.net/t/trouble-using-signal-for-ios-installed-through-xcode-on-one-phone-with-signal-installed-through-app-store-on-another-phone/705/17) when the Push Notifications are turned off some steps from the setup account procedure are not executed and account creation fails. I turned the Push Notifications back on and was able to finish setting up the account. I believe the proposed note will be useful for future contributors.

BUILDING.md, after:

# Building

We typically develop against the latest stable version of Xcode.

As of this writing, that's Xcode 10.1

## Prerequistes

Install [Carthage](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage#installing-carthage)

## 1. Clone

Clone the repo to a working directory:

```
git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/signalapp/Signal-iOS
```

Since we make use of submodules, you must use `git clone`, rather than
downloading a prepared zip file from Github.

We recommend you fork the repo on GitHub, then clone your fork:

```
git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/<USERNAME>/Signal-iOS.git
```

You can then add the Signal repo to sync with upstream changes:

```
git remote add upstream https://github.com/signalapp/Signal-iOS
```

## 2. Dependencies

To build and configure the libraries Signal uses, just run:

```
make dependencies
```

### Building WebRTC

A prebuilt version of WebRTC.framework resides in a submodule and should be
installed by the above steps.  However, if you'd like to build it from source,
see: https://github.com/signalapp/signal-webrtc-ios

## 3. Xcode

Open the `Signal.xcworkspace` in Xcode.

```
open Signal.xcworkspace
```

In the TARGETS area of the General tab, change the Team drop down to
your own. You will need to do that for all the listed targets, for ex. 
Signal, SignalShareExtension, and SignalMessaging. You will need an Apple
Developer account for this. 

On the Capabilities tab, turn off Push Notifications and Data Protection,
while keeping Background Modes on. The App Groups capability will need to
remain on in order to access the shared data storage. The App ID needs to
match the SignalApplicationGroup string set in TSConstants.h. 

If you wish to test the Documents API, the iCloud capability will need to
be on with the iCloud Documents option selected.

Build and Run and you are ready to go!

## Known issues

Features related to push notifications are known to be not working for
third-party contributors since Apple's Push Notification service pushes
will only work with Open Whisper Systems production code signing
certificate.

Turn on Push Notifications on the Capabilities tab if you want to register a new Signal account using the application installed via XCode.

If you have any other issues, please ask on the [community forum](https://whispersystems.discoursehosting.net/).
